you're considering the purchase of a
Hyundai Sonata you've made a great
choice the hyundai sonata GLS package
one is an excellent vehicle and we'd
like to share a few reasons why so many
of our customers have chosen it
the sonata GLS package one has one of
the lowest MSRP s in this class with the
most standard equipment including
bluetooth for hands-free calling
Hyundai's Blu Link telematics system and
steering wheel mounted cruise and audio
controls the sonata is equipped with the
2.4 liter 4 cylinder direct injection
engine which produces a best-in-class
198 horsepower and 184 foot-pounds of
torque providing power when you need it
without sacrificing fuel efficiency
getting an impressive 24 City and 35
highway miles per gallon the sonata is
an IIHS Top Safety Pick and leads its
class in stopping distance thanks to
safety features like brake assist and
brake force distribution with 120 point
2 cubic feet of total interior volume
and 16.4 cubic feet of cargo space this
nada has plenty of room for five
passengers plus all their luggage
autoguide.com notes that while the camry
does not feel cramped it loses points to
the roomier Sonata which offers more
legroom and no ously larger cargo area
as you continue research in the hyundai
sonata GLS we suggest you continue
research here at morries 394 hyundai
where we offer our exclusive buy happy
promises which provides you with
long-term value lasting well beyond the
initial sale our by happy promises
include our best price first pure and
simple unlimited free car washes no-cost
oil changes reward points to the
purchase of your next car and Morrie's
exclusive lifetime powertrain warranty
give us a call at 950 2449 2000 to learn
more about the 2013 hyundai sonata GLS
package one
you